we must go that's going to everybody
this turtle monkey here I just want to
show you guys a couple little things a
my new build I made up and something
else talking with Ziggy d about here's
my loadout nothing too fancy 163 very
little setting five nothing fancy i said
a whole lot of resist but more i was
shot a lot more but it is what it is
let's bring up my skills this is what I
wanted to show I get the century with
the chaining of torment just some bolas
if you change it to elemental and any of
these it kills your hatred too fast at
least I think so all right let me close
that and then you get your standard
evading and reliving I'm not using the
horse at a sharpshooter but uh I mean
you could you're probably work well with
this build but I like these well let's
test it out real quick let's go faster
in woods i can go those two champions
real quick and do some work so you can't
find these guys real quick that's a good
play session so you got your chains you
just pretty much ebay
now the question came up about placing
two down you can place two down you just
have to wait for the cooldown supposedly
there's a legendary where you can have
all cut like place two at a time you can
make this just unbelievable Oh Carrie
so I'm a very end open chains
so
oh that I said just simply running back
and forth just hitting these guys as
much as possible great you can stand
still but being a demon hunter let's not
the courteous idea
down here
so you're pretty so
this way coming through here so you
gonna do
pretty simple Oh getting kind of crazy
with it yeah I didn't fire a single shot
by kill whole bunch of see this is a
neat how this works I know that path of
Exile there's a similar bill for a
temple temple so it's just fun something
new it's not the strongest sure does get
the job done and take see and take these
guys play song oh that one yelling but
yeah that's a pretty much wont to show
you oh I guess I can kill these guys I
bolas I just recent our plan with me
again since the patch now this is for
the two point oh
seemed fine gay legend I found quite a
few legendaries so far I actually found
a rich my boss set morning I'll take it
is here now we'll go back down but yeah
it's pretty pretty fun build makes a
little bit easier especially if you're
if you like the kite oh sorry i found
this so forth that which isn't really
nothing fancy and if I'm this ring I
give this ring yeah count Bell it was
that ring right here from this ring so I
found a few others but nothing fancy
I'll stuff some old see if oh yeah seem
to tell me about this quiver you guys
can notice what's wrong with it give you
a slap on my hand but it is broken it's
a pretty patch but didn't go away which
is weird so thanks for watching guys and
if you have any tweaks her stuff you you
like to do with it please throw it out
there in the comments or and let me know
thanks guys let us depart